[简体中文](./readme.md) | **English**
# Pricing Strategy of New Energy Metal Option Based on QGAN
### Used quantum generative adversarial network algorithm on IBM quantum machine to price the new energy-related metal option data in anticipation. 
### The research effectively proves that Monte Carlo method is practical in the field of quantum computing, and quantum computing has lower time complexity using specific algorithms. 
#### In recent years, a large number of enterprises have made great efforts in new energy and new energy metals, and the relevant market has become increasingly hot. Therefore, our team takes this opportunity to conduct a certain degree of research in this financial field. However, most of these enterprises are new ventures, and it is difficult to find reliable spot products for research and observation. After analysis, we believe that the option based on index is more reasonable. At the same time, our team became very interested in the concept of quantum computing. Thanks to the increasing power of quantum computers in recent years, well-known technology enterprises (such as IBM and Google) have conducted considerable scientific research cooperation with the research institute. Therefore, we think it will be a valuable opportunity to learn about the field through special topics. As the group leader, I was mainly responsible for exploring the research direction, assigning members to work, checking the completion, verifying the program results, and writing conclusions. The whole process was rather tortuous, because this field was unfamiliar to our team. However, thanks to our efforts in research and exploration, we succeeded in substituting real option data and generating similar samples through QGAN, and the final results were basically consistent with the results of traditional algorithms.